Update to semconv v1.17.0 (#1749)
signalfx/splunk-otel-go: CHANGELOG.md

  `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/database/sql/splunksql`
  is no longer orphaned. (#1682)

### Added

- The `NetSockFamily` type and related variables to be use in the
  `ConnectionConfig` from
  `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/database/sql/splunksql`.
  (#1749)

### Changed

- Add the `NetSockFamily` field to the `ConnectionConfig` in
  `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/database/sql/splunksql`.

>   This is used to define the protocol address family used for communication to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is used to define the protocol address family used for communication with
```

  - `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/github.com/confluentinc/confluent-kafka-go/kafka/splunkkafka`
  - `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/github.com/go-chi/chi/splunkchi`
  - `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql/splunkmysql`
  - `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/github.com/gomodule/redigo/splunkredigo`
  - `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/github.com/jackc/pgx/splunkpgx`
  - `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/github.com/jackc/pgx/splunkpgx`
  - `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/github.com/syndtr/goleveldb/leveldb/splunkleveldb`
  - `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/github.com/tidwall/buntdb/splunkbuntdb`
  - `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/gopkg.in/olivere/elastic/splunkelastic`
  - `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/k8s.io/client-go/splunkclient-go`

### Deprecated

- The `NetTransportIP` and `NetTransportUnix` variables from
  `github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/instrumentation/database/sql/splunksql`

>   are deprecated as they are no longer supported in upstream semantic
>   conventions. Use an appropriate `NetSockFamily*` variable instead. (#1749)

Reviewer: I do not think that the term "upstream" is understood by regular users. How about changing it to

```suggestion
  are deprecated as they are no longer available in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/semconv/v1.17.0`.
  Use an appropriate `NetSockFamily*` variable instead. (#1749)
```
